Evolutionary biology essay

> Once you have a suitable topic, the next step depends on the nature of the topic. If there is a lot known about the topic, you could decide to write a kind of survey paper about it. The goal could for instance be to give a historical overview of the scientific discoveries, explanations, views, etc. But alternatively, if for instance the material of the topic is complicated and technical, you could also be aiming to cover only the current knowledge about it. And in case there are controversial scientific views and opinions about the topic, you could also decide to write an essay, explaining the different views and concluding with your own view, based on the scientific evidence you found most convincing. For the presentation you have similar options, depending on the topic and what you found out about it. If you are in doubt about it, talk to your fellow students or get back to us for feedback and discussions.

> In all cases, a paper, essay or presentation should have a "head, tail, and main body": an introductory part (covering items like background, motivation, some historical account, the problem statement or research question, etc.), a number of sections, depending to a large extend on the nature of the topic, describing the problem/question(s) in more detail, the approach taken to solve the problem or answer the question(s), the scientific evidence or experiments, finds, interpretations, etc., in some cases the difference with respect to other proposed solutions, explanations, interpretations, etc., sometimes more discussions, open questions, and recommendations for further research, and a concluding part, where a kind of summary is given based on the content or evidence in the earlier sections.

# Evolution of consciousness

